# u3236164_Navya-Vinod-Moorthy_Responsive-Website
Building a functional responsive website for Canberra Modern

The aim of this assignmnet was to create a responsive website for Canberra Modern based on their exsisting resiurces but in a better, structured and attractive way in order to attractive more audience. Over the past 10 weeks we were taught how to this effectively and in a way that successfully meets the requirement of teh given brief. 

The first process of thsi assignment was to look at the exsisting Canberra Modern webiste and figure out what in my opinion worked well for them vs what did not. I also paid attention to design choices and elements that I personally liked. Immediately something that caught my eye was how the website was lacking any form of colour even though they had a really fun colour palette on their style sheet that was initially given, which made me come up with a decision that I wanted to use more of those colours for my assignmentt. I decided to stick with their typeface choice as I though it went weel with the theme and subject of the webiste. Futura was a great choice as it is known to be modern and minimalistic. Something else that bothered me was how their website would sometimes feel like all the content was just dumped under a heading, feeling very unstructured and cluttered. Having noticed all these choices then gave me ideas reagrding the approaches I could take for this assignment. I also browsed through a couple of webites through Awwwards to check out the latest design trends and elements that were popular and were used often. I mainly paid attention to the header styles, footer styles and navigation styles. 

The text step was to sketch out low fidelity prototypes to give us an idea as to how the variou content could be laid down. This step was not too tough because I had a fair idea as to how I wanted my webiste to look like. Post that I started working on the codes to build a basic structure for the website using HTML. I made sure to use the proper tags and paid attention to the syntax to make sure that there were no spelling mistakes. Once I had a basic structure laid out, I started working on stylizing those elements using CSS. Here I made sure to use comments to make it easier for me to understand what I was trying to achieve. This is also when I found that I may have to slightly deviate from my orignal sketching as some things were not as visually appealing as I though they would be.

Having coded for years, I am comfortable with these languages and am always curious in finding and learning more and new ways to design a website. Something new that I got to learn in this particular unit was how to make responsive websites with the help of CSS. This in my opinion is very handy as it will help me adjust the layout of websites to make them suit the various dimnesions for devices such as mobiles, tablets, Ipdas, laptops and desktops without having to write the same code again and again. But with that being said I really struggled was having to make them responsive. While I understood how those few lines of codes were supposed to work it was hard for me to get them to work for my assignmnet. I struggled a lot with the dimension sizes as there are alot of them with slight variations and every article or blog I had refer said something different. I also struggled a lot with getting all the elements to behave the way I wanted and this happened mainly sue to the differences in sizes of the images. And finally something that did not actally work for me was commiting to GitHub reagularly, which is something that I want to improve on in the future. I would often work on this assignment for hours but would often forget to push it to Github, which meant that there is'nt any history on my repository. Apart from that, I also feel like with more time and a little bit more effort, I could have probably worked a little more on my codes and produced an even better looking webite but overall I am happy with how this turned out in the end.       
